1. Load in raw csv file for a given participant.
2. Delete rows that are empty.
3. Of the remaining rows, these are trials. However, the first few rows, that are offset from the rest are practice trials and should be ignored.
4. Of the remaining experimental trials, create a selection vector to identify rows corresponding to shape stimuli. Similarly, create an additional selection vector to identify rows corresponding to color stimuli. Find when the stimuli changes or remains the same (ex: COLOR-COLOR vs COLOR-SHAPE) and make a matrix/data frame out of it.
5. Using the changing/staying selection vectors, pull out the RT and accuracy values, separately for changing condition trials vs the same trials.
6. For the accuracy data, simply take the average across trials, separately for changing and remaining trials. save these values.
7. For RT, you will similarly compute average RT, separately for changing vs remaining trials, but do this twice, once after log transforming (ln) and once using the raw RT values.
8. You should now have the following average values for this participant (one csv input per participant): diff-mean-accuracy, same-mean-accuracy, diff-mean-rt, same-mean-rt, diff-mean-log-rt, same-mean-log-rt. Using these values, you want to create a difference score for each pair of similar different/same values by taking the staying condition value (e.g. same-mean-accuracy) and subtracting the corresponding changing condition value (e.g. diff-mean-accuracy) and then naming this as "switch-cost-measure" e.g. "switch-cost-accuracy.
9. You now have several mean scores, and several mean "switch cost" scores for this participant. Store these in a data frame, with an additional column variable that is their id number, and repeat the process for the remaining participants, adding their mean and switch cost scores to the same data frame.